# 2024 March 20

- Docker daemon might be stopped if it has been initiated for too long time.(?) Otherwise, I just forgot to launch it after I shutdown and restarted the computer.
Launch Docker server:  
```bash
service docker start
```

## Dealing with the configuation problem of CASA 5.6.1
- Follow the `README`
For all time, I had ignored the README file in the CASA distribution. The trouble of the module `_atmosphere` has been found at [March 12](https://github.com/peterlai500/QuasarPolarization/blob/main/journal/Mar12-2024.md). I try to follow the instruction in README to fix it.

1. Setup the enviroment to use CASA in bash:  
```bash
cd casa-release-5.6.1-8-el7/bin
PATH=`pwd`:$PATH
```
2. Use the casa-config script for extra information about this distribtion or and for configuration:  

```bash
# find the version number of this distribution
casa-config --version

# to install a package into this CASA distribution:
casa-config --exec python setup.py
```
Result: not working...= =

- If I launch CASA 5.6.1 locally instead. The \_atmosphere problem won't show

- Trying use the [sample.py](https://github.com/peterlai500/QuasarPolarization/blob/main/sample.py)  
It seems that I can write the function into a script, so that we won't occur no module name tp problem

- For now we have modify the python code into the status that we can successfully executed in CASA 5.6.1 interface.  

But there are some point we should know:  

1. After CASA 6 the CASA APIs are saperated independently. We should import them properly before the function. (In CASA 5 they are inbulid with the main software) We haven't test the CASA 4 versions.
2. If our data includes more than 1 spectral windows, to avoid confusion, we might need to split the visibility respectively. (Or just dig in more of the code)
3. there still much place I can modify in the code. Such as the delete the deprojection part, etc.  

For now, I can start to draw some plots about the real/image part to the uv distance.

